the robot has a webcam for its eyes so
it can look at the state of the game and
figure out the moves you've played and
what it is done and the most important
component I think is the the AI or the
planning behind it which basically tries
to figure out the strategy that you have
playing and first of all try to defend
itself and maybe try and beat you I can
see what it's trying to say I can see
exactly how I'm gonna lose as well yeah
where's the hammer but it's hardly the
kind of personal robot I've got in mind
okay I mean that is incredible I mean
just seeing the strategy there and it
can see and knows where to put things
but how are we gonna put all this
together and then and then create my
ultimate my ultimate robot yeah I think
I think what you've seen today is that
there are bits and pieces which are
brilliant but actually what you need for
something like a robot Butler would be
to first of all and put all these things
together into a very a fast reactive
robust system but on top of that have
the robot give the robot the ability to
learn and adapt and change just like you
and me do this might be the answer
although it doesn't look quite like I
expected this is the closest thing yet
to a proper independent robot this
machine can drive navigate and avoid
obstacles all without any human
involvement so just how intelligent is
this thing
because Jesus
[Music]
and now rather disconcertingly heading
towards two concrete objects in the
middle of the road very cleverly because
foster that's driving random three that
is amazing
all I have to do is to sit here on board
litter up the poster sentence may be
able to see on the roof things spinning
around us and applied er that sees the
world using laser ranging that also
radar on board there's also various
cameras GPS and all that information
about the outside world gets thrown back
to a big number crunching computer in
the back which then makes the decisions
which then put it all forward to the
mechanical systems of the actual car
lidar is my diary
really does have a mind of its own
you